[Music]
I'm heading to the local basket store to
make my furniture selection
[Music]
I'm looking for clean lines I love this
table and I love the look of it in a
variety of birthstone matching the scale
of the architecture especially in the
great room is my biggest challenge I
feel like we can not do too many small
things in there otherwise it looks like
the room is actually swallowing the
pieces right on the shirt you know for
that size room I know we're really
looking for something meaty we've got
some great things that'll accommodate
that Oh beautiful oh my goodness this is
a good cozy it is modular so you can
move it around change the design I work
with the floor plan could be creative in
this you can you can't see you're not
locked in right this is brilliant this
is a sofa to the Whitney chair it's so
good oh it's so stately this gives
around a little pop I like to design the
spaces almost like a cityscape you know
you have some of the lower you have
shorter buildings and then you have the
skyscrapers so this chair is definitely
my skyscraper in the room all right so
let's get into the fabrics let's lay all
this out this is a winner oh yeah this
is stunning this is so scottson you
can't go wrong with that both sides are
amazing it just has to flow that's
basically our great room I love it
we need to pick out bedding too just
saying okay here's your all night girl
I'm telling you I'm telling you
so today is loading day it's a day where
your vision actually materializes into
reality oh my god
now that the furniture has arrived it's
time to make this house a home I have a
plan for every piece of furniture coming
off the truck let's put that one like
off to the side okay I've spent several
days decorating the house it's got to be
just perfect for the final reveal
[Music]
I've been working really really really
hard on this house ever since last time
you thought well it was a pile of dirt
when we started and now it looks a go
it's a house now are you racing more
yeah all right let's go in no way
good huh holy this is the great room and
it really holds up to his name
[Music]
I'm God of those councils look amazing
you have this chill area where people
can come in watch TV play game and then
you have a more intimate area or two
people can just kind of come back here
and just relax
almost like a mini library back here
give it without a wall without a law
what do you think you can say this
kitchens kind of style it's got a harder
I like how it laid out I wanted to add a
piece of the Southwest I wanted to
actually use wood that you will see in
this region of the country the diorama
this is awesome kind of odd kind of
mid-century but still very formal Wow I
am totally drawn to the bed right away
you want to wire onto that like the
fibers it's so play a lot of textures
when you layer beds
it looks more inviting it definitely is
the neutral textures that want to kind
of reach up and give you a hug
this is like the perfect outdoor
entertaining spots everything is fun I
kept everything alive with color this
dusty cozy this backyard literally has
everything you need to enjoy Scottsdale
all throughout the year
[Music]